Hello friends, how are you all? Are you doing
well? Today on our channel
360 Tamil Investment,
we are going to watch a video about ICICI Elevate and
Star Health Azure. We are going to compare these
two health insurance plans.
Before that, I have
a request for you. If you
want medical coverage,
call the number shown on the screen on WhatsApp.
I will come and get you
medical coverage online. When it comes to the
age to take a policy,
ICICI has no
limit. For adults, there
is no limit. For children, there is a floater policy
from 91 days to 30 years. You can
continue with an individual policy. You can also
take an individual policy. You can even take it as a family policy.
For Health Azure, if you want
to take a family policy,
adults must be between 18 and 75
years of age. Children must be between
16 and 17 years of age. For
individual policies, there is a limit of 91 days.
Anyone under the age of 75
can take it.
As for the premium amount, there is no such thing as a
maximum limit of ₹5 lakh from IC. They have recently come up with
an option like Unlimited.
As for health issues, you can have a
policy up to a maximum of ₹2 crore.
Next, as for the room red limit, they
come to you and give you the IC
limit, single AC room, and
talk plan.
Similarly, you can take such options as Eni Room and
Rider.
As for health issues, if you take a
policy of ₹5 lakh, then you can take a policy from ₹5000 limit to ₹10 lakh to
25 lakh. You can
take any room except the Shoot Room. If you take a
policy of more than 50 lakh,
Eni Room has come up with such options in Star
Health.
Before continuing to watch the video, I have a
request to you.  If you haven't
subscribed, subscribe.
Similarly, when our videos
come,
press the bell button next to the notification.
For pre and post hospitalization, ICI will come and
give you 90 days and 180 days of coverage.
For Star Health Ashero, they will come and give you 60
days and 180 days of coverage.
Next, for no claim bonus,
ICI will come and give you a maximum of 20% every year and
can increase it up to 100%. Similarly, they have come up with
such a rider as Unlimited Bonus,
through which
every year, whether there is a claim
or not, it will increase by 100%.
For El Dharshur, it
can be increased by 25% maximum up to 100%.
This bonus will be available only if there is no claim.
Next, for Restore, Star
Health  As for Azure, there
are no unlimited times. Similarly, there are no terms and conditions. You have
unlimited in
ICC Elevate. But if you come for a pre-existing illness and want to restore use, you will have to wait for 45 days. Next, for pre-existing diseases, you can reduce the
waiting period of three years in ICICI Elevate to
two years or one year through a rider.
Similarly, Jump Start can be used
through a rider like that for asthma, diabetic, hypertension, cholesterol, obesity, and
similar arc-related
problems. This applies to
everything and you get coverage from 31 days.
Just understand one thing. If you
say that as a rider, the premium will come as normal and
extra will be charged.
Next, for Star Health,
you will have to wait for 36
months.  If
you take a three-year policy, you will get a 30-month waiting
period.
Then, if you see the waiting period for a specific surgery such as
kidney stone, hernia, joint
replacement,
ICC Elevate has a
two-year waiting period. You
can reduce this by one year through a rider. Star Health
Assure also has a two-year
waiting period.
Next, coverage for maternity treatment. In the
case of IC, there is no
coverage for maternity treatment in the basic plan.
However, they
only give coverage for surrogacy and egg donation.
You can get coverage for childbirth, i.e. maternity treatment, through a rider and
get 10% of the sum insured, up to a maximum of one lakh rupees.
Similarly, through a rider, you can get a
waiting bed for this for one year
or two.  You can claim for a year.
For health insurance,
there is a waiting period of two years.
You can claim up to 10% of the coinsurance amount. Similarly, for a newborn
baby, you can claim up to a
maximum of ₹4 lakh.
Similarly, for
congenital defects, you can
claim up to the coinsurance amount.
Similarly, for infertility treatment, you
can claim up to a maximum of ₹4 lakh. Next, for obesity treatment and
bariatric surgery, you
can claim up to the insurance industry with ICICI.
You can come and claim up to the health issue. This
coverage is
not available to you. Next, if you have
seen both plans, you can come for eye treatment and there
is no limit. Next,
for health checkup, you can come to ICICI Elevate and
this facility is not available in the basic plan. If
you have taken a rider, then the sum insured is
zero at 5% and the maximum is up to 5000.
You can come and use the benefit for check-up. For
Star Health Achieve,
you can claim from 1500 to 15000 depending on the coverage.
Next, for ambulance facility,
ICICI Elevate does
not have any condition. Actual is the same.
Star Health
Assure also has no limit. Actual amount
can be claimed.
Next, for air ambulance,
ICICI Elevate does not have
coverage for this in the basic plan. You can claim up to the sum insured through a rider.
For Health Assure, you can claim up to
10% of the sum insured.
Next, for Siddha Unani
Ayurveda and related Ayush
treatment, you can claim up to the
sum insured in both plans.
Next, if
you have seen the share accommodation benefit, then ICICI Elevate
This facility is not available in the talk plan
but
through a rider like room modifier, if you select a shared room, they will give you a
discount on your premium.
As for Health Assur, you
can claim up to ₹1000 per day.
Then, if you look at modern treatment, i.e.
robotic surgery, chemotherapy, etc., you
can claim up to the copay amount in both plans. Then,
as for home care treatment, there is no
coverage for it in the talk plan of ICICI Elevate.
Nursing at home, if you
come to us through a rider like that, if you get
hospital treatment, i.e. a surgery, and then you get
some treatment from home, then the
cost of nursing for that is
only ₹2000 per day, maximum.
This treatment can be covered for 10 days.
You can claim
10% of the sum insured up
to a maximum of ₹5 lakhs for health insurance. That
is, you can get the treatment
from home.
Next, I will
cover medical items, i.e. gloves,
masks, sanitizers. This is
very important because even if you
come for treatment, you will get a 20%
bill amount.
As for this coverage, ICICI Elevate Basic
Plan does not have this coverage.
However, you can get this coverage
through a rider like Client Protector.
Health wise, there is coverage for this.
Next, if
you look at both plans, they will give you coverage for day care. There
is no limit.
Next, domiciliary hospitalization is
an unavoidable situation. No hospital, no bed, no
fashion.  If the condition is not good enough to
go to the hospital, then you
can get treatment from home. If
you have seen the coverage for that, you can come and
claim up to the insured amount in both plans.
Next, the organ donation
expense is organ donor expenses, that is, we have to take an
organ from another person's body and put it in our body.
So, whether we have to come and
take it from another person's body or
not, this is the coverage for that expense. If
you have seen this, ICICI Elevate will
come to you and you can claim up to the insured amount. In terms of health
miracle, you can also
claim up to the insured amount. They will
give you that extra insurance amount. It will come to
us and another person will come and donate the
body or not.
He can come and use that coverage.
Next, if
you have seen the wellness program in both plans, you can
come to ICICI and get a discount of up to 30%.
In terms of Health Zero, there is a discount of up to 20%,
meaning that when you
do all that exercise walking that they say, they will
come and
give you a discount on the next year's premium. That's what the wellness program
comes with. Next, we will come and tell you what the extra benefit is. In terms of ICICI Elevator, everything is just a rider, so you have to pay an extra amount, that is, inflated care, so you can come once and claim any amount you want, that is, infinite care. Next, comes inflation
protector, meaning that
your insurance amount will keep
increasing as the money increases. Next, comes
confidence benefit, meaning that if you
take treatment for more than ten days, you
can claim an amount of up to 20,000. Next, comes
dependent accommodation relief, which is
nothing.  Hospital cash benefit is the next one.
Next is composite visit, i.e. if you
go abroad for treatment,
travel
expenses come and someone in the family can come and
claim. Next is
medical device coverage.
Next is personal external rider for that.
Next is critical illness benefit rider for that. Next is voluntary co-
payment. If you
say that you will come and pay each co-payment amount, then they will come and give you a little
discount.
Next is network advantage,
i.e. if you
say that you will only get treatment at a network hospital, then they will give you a little
discount. But if you go beyond that, if you
go to another hospital, co-payment will
come and you have to take care of that too.
Next is coverage for out-of-pocket expenses.
Next is worldwide cover, i.e.
wherever you want in the world.  You
can get treatment coverage, then you
have NRI advantage,
then if
you have taken this advantage, they will come to you and
give you a little discount for 5 years, similarly even if you are an NRI, they will come to
you and give you an actional coverage,
but you
cannot claim it when you come to India, just have
a policy in your name, you have to come and keep it in mind.
Next, for Star Health issue, if you
get treatment from the Valuable Service Network, that is, from that Valuable Service Hospital, you will get a
discount of ₹5000,
then they will give you coverage for rehabilitation pain management, then
compensated
travel cover, then
repatriation and moral remains, that is, if you
die, you will get coverage for bringing his body to your
hometown,
then they will give you coverage for asthma treatment,
then they will give you
an extra coverage for hysterectomy.  You can
also call it exclusive coverage. Next,
through the optional detector, the premium amount can be
reduced by 45 to 55%.
Next, let's look at the premium amount. For a
policy of ₹5 lakhs, that is, with the
claim protector, we should
look at our premium because if you
don't have the claim protector, you will
almost get a 20% cut when you come to claim.
Coming to this, the
premium for the claim protector
will not be very high, it will be ₹400 or ₹500, so it is
best to take it along with it. So, looking at it that way, if you have a ₹5
lakh policy, it will cost you
about ₹16,000 for IC, and ₹17,500 for Star Health.
Next, if you compare a policy of ₹10 lakhs, it will
cost ₹18,000 for IC, and ₹24,000 for Star Health. But what if you come to IC and talk to  When
you add all the extra benefits, the
premium increases. There is no rider
for ICC Star Health.
All the benefits are included in it. Please share
your opinions and suggestions in the
comments. If you liked this video, like,
share, subscribe.
Similarly,
to get copyright,
call the number on the screen
and let's meet for an investment-friendly information.
Thank you, greetings.